well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we got to talk about this new
liberal plan I've got the outline of it
laid out here in front of me
so first conservatives hold your
laughter till the end I don't want
anybody making my jokes before I get to
film liberals we got to talk about this
I'm gonna go through an overview of it
and then I'm gonna hit a couple things
in detail then I'm gonna burst some
bubbles okay but I need you to stick
with me okay so the first part of the
plan we're gonna cut the pay the
military about fifteen percent we're
gonna employ three million people to do
hippy conservationists work planting
trees and cutting paths on parks that
sort of thing whole bunch of money for
renewable energy hydroelectric dams
there's the railway project we're gonna
pay artists to create 2,500 paintings
and 17,000 sculptures and I guess we're
gonna decorate public buildings with
them or something I don't know that's
not actually in the planet there's a
whole section on employee rights one of
which we're gonna come back to there's a
section on strengthening unions they're
gonna buy ten million ten million acres
of farmland and turn it into parks and
preserves there's new entitlement
programs for the old the sick the blind
kids anybody who wants a handout there's
a whole new section and a whole new way
of doing public housing because that's
worked out so well for us but the big
one in the employee rights section is a
living wage like a real living wage like
the one everybody's been talking about
yeah it's in there
basically it's guaranteeing that anybody
who's working in the United States earns
a decent living
the guy who drafted this he's on record
as saying that no business that pays
less than living wage has any
to continue to exist in the United
States Wow
that's that is I guess if you support
that kind of thing you would call this
ambitious everybody else would probably
call it expansive I'm not going to talk
about the economic impact of this I'm
sure there's probably already a hundred
videos on YouTube talking about that I
want to talk about it in a different way
can you imagine what people throughout
American history would think of this
plan can you imagine what the guys who
hoisted the flag on Iwo Jima and storm
the beaches at Normandy
can you imagine what they would do to
this guy if they caught him they vote
him into office for a fourth term this
isn't a new plan this is the New Deal so
after that last video conservatives were
mad at me apparently they have laid
claim to the men who stormed the beaches
of Normandy and we certainly shouldn't
equate them to any kind of liberal and
looking back you're right there are
nothing like the modern liberal this is
straight socialism it is and this isn't
even all of it these are just the
highlights I picked out that I could
remember yeah so the modern American
conservative is living with a myth and
it's a myth created by Hollywood see
when you want to make a war movie who's
gonna go watch it right wingers right
that's it guys you know really love to
watch that stuff when you watch a movie
do you want the characters to be
completely unrelated no of course not
you want to be like you
so Hollywood made them like them and
that created the myth and the myth is
that all of these men during the end
that were part of the greatest
generation those that storm the beaches
of Normandy
well they were all conservatives the
reality more than half of them voted for
this dude it's a myth it is a myth and
it's a myth that just won't die
apparently so let's talk about some
other things just to make sure that the
point gets across
what about bigotry I mean was the
forties of course there was bigotry what
about among the men that stormed the
beaches of Normandy 1945 the war ended
there was some rumbling in the ranks
1948 three short years later oh the
military's desegregated why because when
you actually put your rear on the line
and you're getting shot at skin tone
really doesn't matter that much anymore
dude's got the same uniform I got a huh
we're on the same team nothing like the
American conservative today what about
refugees after World War two after World
War two this is after the fighting is
over so they are these people would be
what the American conservative of today
would call an economic refugee they're
not fleeing violence oh they took
hundreds of thousands of them and then
when they just couldn't take anymore you
think they'd turn the military did we do
we use our military to stop them from
coming put them on the border put
flotillas out no we helped to move the
US Navy just between Europe and
Australia
I ran more than a hundred and fifty
voyages moving refugees nothing like the
modern American conservative the
greatest generation was great not
because they storm the beaches at
Normandy
they were great because they were
fearless yeah they were fearless when
they were facing a machine-gun nest on
Utah Beach but they were also fearless
when it came to new technology and new
ideas that made it great the other thing
that made them great is that they cared
about each other see they had been
through hard times during the Depression
they'd seen suffering and then during
World War two they saw suffering and
when you see it for yourself
tends to change your perspective on
banks least it should if you're human so
no the Conservatives in the u.s. do not
get to lay claim just remember they're
sitting there smoking their Lucky
Strikes in that photo holding their
Thompson's fill it on a dead Nazi m1 in
the air half the dudes in that photo
voted for this straight socialism yeah
now the modern American conservative is
not does not get to client lay claim to
this because let's see environmental
protection conservation mass transit
arts employee rights unions entitlement
programs public housing living wage
they're literally trying to destroy all
of it they're nothing like them nothing
it's a meth it is a myth
living with a meth and while we're on
the topic of myths cuz I know this is
going to come up well you know FDR did
XY and Z I mean it could be a list he
did a lot of bad things yep he did he
did see this here what we're talking
about is American history American
history is populated by people and
people are flawed people make mistakes
people do bad things some of what FDR
did is bad in hindsight bad by today's
standards some of it was pretty horrible
by the standards of the day yeah all
that's true they voted for him four
times four times American leaders are
not perfect that's another myth we're
talking about American history if you
want to talk about infallible leaders or
how all World War two veterans were
super conservative you need to go over
to the American mythology section
because that's where you're gonna find
that because it's not backed up by fact
it's not true socialism took on a nasty
connotation in the United States during
the Cold War prior to that literally the
only president elected four times
anyway just remember fearless is what
made the greatest generation great I can
assure you they would not hide behind a
wall and cower behind a wall because
they were afraid of some men women and
children looking for a better life these
are men who left cover and charged
unprotected towards machine-gun nests
now they are nothing like the American
conservative of today anyway it's just a
ball y'all have a good night